Update to native ingestion doc (#13482)
apache/druid: docs/ingestion/native-batch.md

While ingesting data using the parallel task indexing, Druid creates segments from the input data and pushes them. For segment pushing,
the parallel task index supports the following segment pushing modes based upon your type of [rollup](./rollup.md):

> - Bulk pushing mode: Used for perfect rollup. Druid pushes every segment at the very end of the index task. Until then, Druid stores created segments in memory and local storage of the service running the index task. To enable bulk pushing mode, set `forceGuaranteedRollup` in your TuningConfig. You cannot use bulk pushing with `appendToExisting` in your IOConfig.

Reviewer: Maybe we should also specify the actual value of `forceRollup`:

```suggestion
- Bulk pushing mode: Used for perfect rollup. Druid pushes every segment at the very end of the index task. Until then, Druid stores created segments in memory and local storage of the service running the index task. To enable bulk pushing mode, set `forceGuaranteedRollup: true` in your tuning config. You cannot use bulk pushing with `appendToExisting` in your IOConfig.
```

Author: Updated.
